---
description: Landing Page for CAOS Medical Lab Db Repository and CAOS API
---

# Public

## CORN FlakeS

### Content Object Resource Network Flake Server:  A Health Content Resource Information Management System for Emergent APHID

#### Routinization of ePHI from some public entity to a medical data storage and medical warehouse system.

#### Purpose of CORNFlakeS

&#x20;   The purpose of CORNFlakeS is to build or create, and execute an Agency-Based Relationship modeling system in medically indigent communities within the 50 wards of the city of Chicago.  Especially during these hard times as COVID-19 added a vector to its beginning menacing biomechanistic conformation in terms of SARS-COV-2.  Then, the sum of all fears with both COVID-19 and SARS-COV-2 vectors resulted in a new conformation of the Delta variant.  Then on from the Delta variant of the original virus vector, it change its conformation again to the Omicron variant with no microbial lag phase in sight in the latter of 2021.  From the latter of 2021 until now, the city of Chicago and the rest of the world was hit again by the sum of all fears of the resultant vector of the Flurona variant of the original COVID-19 conformation. &#x20;

As a result of Flurona hitting the Chicago area, the restaurant and food service industry was hit by unproven non food-borne industry vector in major food corporations like McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, Starbucks, and Dunkin Donuts on January 3, 2022 had began putting major stipulations in medically underserved communities.  For example, by requiring all health care consumers to take unnecessary extreme measures before entering their restaurant or coffee house.  Upon entering their restaurant or coffee house, each health care consumer must show an ID and proof of COVID-19 immunization series from Moderna and Pfizer (Unfortunately, both health care companies are not clearly reachable on Twitter or Cisco Webex at this time for specific comments.) before they can sit down and eat a meal with a family, friend, neighbor, coworker, or classmate.  According to the APA, this may cause further mental health problems within those segmented groups.  By the restaurant and food industry imposing costly extreme measures, more barriers were created to poor health care in medically underserved communities.  For example, immunocompromised wards containing dense populations of African American, Asian American, Latino American, Native American, and Middle Eastern Americans began to see an unauthorized surge in COVID-19 vaccine protocols from restaurant chains throughout the city of Chicago.

These barriers that may lead to further poor health in immunocompromised wards with dense populations of minorities must be intercepted with CORNFlakeS Agency-Based Relationship modeling system, because restaurant operators began implementing unauthorized, unprovened, and untested COVID-19 vaccine protocols throughout the city of Chicago.  So, CORNFlakeS as an Agency-Based modeling system must build or create and develop various types of relationships in medically underserved communities.  Also, CORNFlakeS as an Agency-Based model may prevent several miscalculations related to unauthorized protocols like COVID-19, SARS-COV-2, and MERS research.  Miscalculations with these three chronic diseases may impose a greater threat on the host in terms of misdiagnosis, and by not prognosticating correctly about there etiologies. &#x20;

So, CORNFlakeS Agency-Based modeling system will create relationships with the food and restaurant industry to deduce, prevent, and reduce any food-borne vector that may lead to symptoms of COVID-19, Diabetes, and other chronic diseases that need to be managed in medically underserved communities of Chicago.   One type of relationship is the Human-Agent interaction model.  Another type of relationship is the Agent-Web Application interaction model.  The purpose of these two types of interaction models is to decrease slow response times (which maybe revealed through a decision tree diagram) of a public health worker within any agency that maybe experiencing health care delivery service problems related to COVID-19 or any endemic, epidemic, and pandemic health problems that may be coevolving in the city of Chicago. &#x20;

#### What is Routinization?

&#x20;   According to Robin Leidner, author of the book "_Fast Food, Fast Talk:  Service Work and the Routinization of Everyday Life_" stated in chapter two, "Routinization appeals to employers of interactive service workers for the same reasons that it attracts employers of manufacturing and clerical workers.  The routinization of interactive service work is not a new phenomenon-the work of telephone operators, for example, was routinized by the first years of the twentieth century-but it is becoming increasingly widespread.  With the rapid expansion of the service sector in the United States in the postwar period, the cost and quality of interactive work have assumed greater significance in many organizations, making it more attractive to try to apply the principles of routinization developed for use in manufacturing work to human interactions."  Not just only in human interactions, but also in non-human interactions, routinization is applicable to the U.S. health care system with our current pandemic crisis with COVID-19 since 2020.  Also, routinization is applicable in every community where there is a human service organization that is suppose to serve those living with food insecurity and poor mental health issues, which may have been caused by anthropogenic etiologies.&#x20;

#### Routinization fueling Interoperability according to HIPAA&#x20;

Routinization in health care is based on several things in order to make any one human service organization interoperable with another human service organization.  This may decrease unnecessary implementations of moral agency or even informal care, which may result in a costly fatal end for some number of clients utilizing services from the agency.  Currently, for example, informal care has taken its roots in the conglomeration of unauthorized free COVID-19 test sites throughout all fifty wards in Chicago.  Also, the conglomeration of these unauthorized free COVID-19 test sites has caused a conflict of interest with Cook County Department of Health and Illinois Department Public Health with individuals who are recipients of Cook County Care and Illinois Medicaid.  Ironically, the conflict of interest with Cook County Care and Illinois Medicaid lies with decentralized criteria, logic, and procedures about collecting sputum culture for COVID-19 and then transferring into ePHI for the medically indigent patients that may or may not have subsequent symptoms related to RSV.  So, the purpose of routinization in health care is to prevent a big medical data problem in medical indigent communities throughout Chicago.

Or conversely, routinization may prevent underutilization of health care services in a medically underserved community.  For example, it's based on the computer, software, and possible implementation of AI.  However, AI may replace nondeterministic viewpoints of community health workers within any struggling community service organization.  And, with the power of AI, nondeterministic viewpoints can be built on decision algorithms that is made up of a set of choices to further help the public health worker not fall into utility issues that may affect the quality of life of some number of clients in the human service agency.  Also, decision algorithms can be augmented to possibly simulate a risk matrix for an ailing community agency.  By simulating a risk matrix, risk aversion which leads to messy and futile merging of unresponsive community service organizations may be halted for more sufficient services to some number of clients.

For example, if we begin to understand how interactive service workers can be utilized through Google and all its third party apps, like updating with software from Pusher's API via serviceworker.js file.  This makes rendering of HTML tables for some number of clients in any human service organization. &#x20;

#### &#x20;COMET FISH for Public Consumption

COMET FISH is being designed for several reasons.  First of all, application collaboration and development attempts in Github are not realistic;  very dismal;  and of no effect in terms of fast responsive health care delivery in medically underserved cities like Chicago.

CAOS Objects that are for Medical Terminology Fast Information Service 4 Health.  Fast Information Service 4 Health will take into priority medically underserved communities in Chicago.  It will take into priority the medically indigent to access public services.  COMET FISH is for medically underserved and medically indigent public users that may be currently experiencing access to health care issues caused by barriers on the southside and westsides of Chicago.  These barriers may be related to deinvestment in the wards located on the southside and westsides.  So, again, the purpose of COMET FISH Public UI access is to decrease disparities related to chronic disease management in wards where deinvestment may have occured before, during, and after the COVID-19 pandemic crisis.
